README.md, before:

# tfmigrator CLI

[![Build Status](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli/actions)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/tfmigrator/cli)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/tfmigrator/cli)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/tfmigrator/cli.svg)](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tfmigrator/cli/main/LICENSE)

CLI to migrate Terraform Configuration and State.
The migration feature is implemented with [tfmigrator/tfmigrator](https://github.com/tfmigrator/tfmigrator), so please see the document of [tfmigrator/tfmigrator](https://github.com/tfmigrator/tfmigrator) too.

## Requirement

* Terraform

## Install

Download a binary from the [release page](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli/releases).

## Index

* [Examples](examples)
* [Usage](docs/USAGE.md)
* [Configuration](docs/CONFIGURATION.md)
* [Change Log](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli/releases)

## LICENSE

[MIT](LICENSE)

Commit message:

docs: install tfmigrator with Homebrew

README.md, after:

# tfmigrator CLI

[![Build Status](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli/workflows/test/badge.svg)](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli/actions)
[![Go Report Card](https://goreportcard.com/badge/github.com/tfmigrator/cli)](https://goreportcard.com/report/github.com/tfmigrator/cli)
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/tfmigrator/cli.svg)](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli)
[![License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-mit-blue.svg?style=flat-square)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tfmigrator/cli/main/LICENSE)

CLI to migrate Terraform Configuration and State.
The migration feature is implemented with [tfmigrator/tfmigrator](https://github.com/tfmigrator/tfmigrator), so please see the document of [tfmigrator/tfmigrator](https://github.com/tfmigrator/tfmigrator) too.

## Requirement

* Terraform

## Install

Download a binary from the [release page](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli/releases).
You can install tfmigrator with [Homewbrew](https://brew.sh/) too.

```
$ brew install tfmigrator/cli/tfmigrator
```

## Index

* [Examples](examples)
* [Usage](docs/USAGE.md)
* [Configuration](docs/CONFIGURATION.md)
* [Change Log](https://github.com/tfmigrator/cli/releases)

## LICENSE

[MIT](LICENSE)
